## Hi there 👋
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
My name is Christopher. I have had a long academic journey to get to software engineering. I originally was interested in coding and video editing when I was in high school. I used Adobe Premiere and Sony Vegas to edit videos to upload on Youtube in its early days from 2005 - 2011. When I went to college, my focus was on self-improvement. I studied Psychology and Criminal Justice because I grew up with social anxiety disorder. I wanted to help people who also struggle opening up socially to others. I graduated from Qunnipiac University in 2015 with a Bachelor's degree. I majored in Psychology and minored in Criminal Justice. With my psychology background, I initially worked in the special education and applied behavioral therapy fields. Working in special education required a unique approach to problem solving and "thinking outside of the box". Every student you work with is different and requires special and sometimes illogical approaches in order to diffuse or transition situations.

After a few years of working in the behavioral therapy field, I transitioned to Physical Therapy. I took many classes at community college in order to apply to a Doctorate Program in Physical Therapy. I started out working as a Physical Therapy Aide in 2019. I liked working in PT because it is an environment that highlights healing and self-improvement. In PT, you are seeing people at their lowest. Some patients are coming off life altering surgery or injuries that they will have to work hard to adapt to a manageable lifestyle. As a PT Aide it was my job to work with patients, instruct them how to properly perform different exercises and be knowledgable about muscle movements and exercises. It was a great feeling to watch people slowly improve from their injuries throughout a couple of weeks or months. It is amazing to witness their confidence grow. I enrolled in the DPT program at Touro University in Fall 2023. Unfortunately, PT school was where I realized that I was not the best candidate to be working in the health care field. Even though I had worked in the field for years and focused on self-improving my areas of weakness, it never felt natural to me.

I was always curious about coding and programming. I did not pursue education in it due to my desire to change myself, moving away from being a shut in who sits at the computer all day. After applying myself in other fields, I was finally ready to focus on a career that I felt a lot more comfortable in. In January 2024, I was enrolled in the Software Engineering Bootcamp at Stony Brook University. This was a 9 month curriculum focusing on fast tracking newcomers. Throughout the course I learned HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, Flask, SQL, Postgres, Express, Node.js, and React.js. The majority of my posted repos are from the curriculum. The course was intimidating at parts but very fun to learn. I had to get used to managing my time in order to learn and practice different programming languages. I recently finished my capstone project, which is StrictlyAlbums, it can be found in my repos. I am still learning. Right now, I am overhauling my profile. I am redoing a lot of my projects, deleting the filler, and highlighting the important ones.

A bit more fun side of me - I am a huge proponent of self-improvement. I constantly try to work on myself and enjoy hobbies where I am forced to socialize. My big hobby is social dancing to latin music, mainly salsa and bachata. I also enjoy prop making, cosplaying, building model kits, building dioramas, and going to conventions. I am into fitness and plan to do marathons in 2025. I spent a couple of years enrolled in a Fitness Boxing gym. I did Toastmasters for a year to improve my public speaking presentations.

My main goal right now is to get employed. I am relatively new to programming, with only a year of experience for a bootcamp certificate. I believe that I am a great candidate due to my eclectic background. I have experience working well in team environments and working well in 1 on 1 patient environments. Working in special education benefitted my problem solving skills, taught me to be patient and try to do everything possible to understand problems to come up with a solution. I was responsible for logging data and implementing programs that fit individual students. Working in PT also required me to work with patients 1:1, learn and be informed about medical issues and exercises. I needed to be a supportive figure in both environments. Both environments could also be very fast paced and required heavy time management. I will continue to challenge myself to implement new programs that I want to create.
